application: serial_lte_modem: BUG-FIX cannot quit datamode (#6814)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/serial_lte_modem/doc/slm_data_mode.rst

Exiting data mode
=================

> To exit data mode, the MCU sends the termination command set by the :ref:`CONFIG_SLM_DATAMODE_TERMINATOR <CONFIG_SLM_DATAMODE_TERMINATOR>` configuration option over UART. The pattern string could be sent alone or as the affix of the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To exit data mode, the MCU sends the termination command set by the :ref:`CONFIG_SLM_DATAMODE_TERMINATOR <CONFIG_SLM_DATAMODE_TERMINATOR>` configuration option over UART.
The pattern string can be sent alone or as an affix to the data.
```

   #XDATACTRL=<time_limit>

* The ``<time_limit>`` parameter sets the timeout value in milliseconds.

>   The default value is minimum value required, based on the configured UART baud rate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The default value is the minimum required value, based on the configured UART baud rate.
```

   #XDATACTRL=<time_limit>

* The ``<time_limit>`` parameter sets the timeout value in milliseconds.

>   The default value is the minimum required required, based on the configured UART baud rate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The default value is the minimum required value, based on the configured UART baud rate.
```

Author: Sorry, copy/paste mistake
